Do you have a network diagram in place? 
IF PREVIOUS ANSWER (Do you have a network diagram in place?) IS YES: Does it have a date of when the last revision happened? * Does it identify all critical systems and components such as servers, firewalls, servers, IPS/IDS? * Does it identify all connection points for third-party and vendor connections, as well as VPNs, and so on? * Does it identify network segregation such as DMZ, VLAN, wireless?
Do you utilize wireless access to allow communication directly to the internal network? IF NO, RISK MITIGATED. 
IF PREVIOUS ANSWER (Do you utilize wireless access to allow communication directly to the internal network?) IS YES: Is there the use of a strong encryption being in use? Annual change of key? * Do you perform annual independent security testing of wireless network(s)?
Do you utilize guest wireless security? IF NO, RISK MITIGATED.
IF PREVIOUS ANSWER (Do you utilize guest wireless security?) IS YES: * Is access to wireless access points physically secured? * Have you disabled unnecessary applications, ports, protocols, and services on a wireless access point device? * Segment guest wireless networks from the internal network? * Has the default password been changed for the administrator account?
Are all default passwords and unnecessary default accounts changed, disabled, or removed prior to system implementation?
Do you utilize remote access technologies? IF NO, RISK MITIGATED.
IF PREVIOUS ANSWER (Do you utilize remote access technologies?) IS YES: * Is there a deployment of Multifactor Authentication? * Do you disable remote communications if no business need exists? * Do you control access through management approvals and audits? * Are you implementing robust control over configurations at both ends of the remote connection to prevent potential malicious use? * Are you logging and monitoring remote access activities?  * Does strong authentication and encryption to secure communication get used? * Do you enable vendor remote access accounts only when necessary? 
Do firewall rules get audited/verified annually to detect unauthorized changes?
Do you have a normal network activity baseline established OR automatic alerts that are configured to send notifications to management if a network event exceeds a predefined threshold?
Do administrators use a standard account for network and email access, and a second account for administrative use which is used only when administrative actions are required? 
Are users without administrative responsibilities prevented from installing software?
Are there any controls in place to restrict the use of removable media unless authorized?
Do you have a cybersecurity insurance in place to transfer the risk? 
IF PREVIOUS ANSWER (Do you have a cybersecurity insurance in place to transfer the risk? ) IS NO: Do you have a process to formally discuss/estimate potential expenses associated with cybersecurity incidents as part of the budgeting process?
Do you manage/document system End-of-life (EOL)?
Are mobile devices in use? IF NO, RISK MITIGATED.
IF PREVIOUS ANSWER (Are mobile devices in use?) IS YES: are they encrypted if they have the potential to store sensitive data? (Laptops, Non-iOS tablets/Smartphones (Android), USB Removable Media)
Is there a data flow diagram in place that shows the type of data is identified and the specific route to external parties?
Have you completed a Cybersecurity Self-Assessment?
IF PREVIOUS ANSWER (Have you completed a Cybersecurity Self-Assessment?) IS YES: * Does it include Inherent Risk profile and Cybersecurity Maturity in the results? * Is there documentation that states the overall ranking of controls? * Does the assessment get presented by the Board after completion?
Do you have situational awareness materials made available to employees when prompted by highly visible cyber events or by regulatory alerts?
Do you have customer awareness material that is readily available? 
Do you perform monthly Social Engineering testing?
Are internal, external, wireless penetration testing, and vulnerability scanning conducted according to the risk-based audit plan?
Is vulnerability scanning conducted and analyzed before the deployment/redeployment of new/existing devices which face the internet? 
Do you allow external access to email? IF NO, RISK MITIGATED.
IF PREVIOUS ANSWER (Do you allow external access to email?) IS YES: Is multifactor authentication deployed?
Do you have any Managed Security Service Provider (MSSP) relationships which outsource any security related functions? IF NO, RISK MITIGATED.
IF PREVIOUS ANSWER (Do you have any Managed Security Service Provider (MSSP) relationships which outsource any security related functions?) IS YES: * Type and frequency of security reports & Do you have any Managed Security Service Provider (MSSP) relationships which outsource any security related functions. * Clear assignment of responsibilities and accountability (EXAMPLE: Incident Response, Security Alerts, Forensics). * Service availability. * Disaster Recovery. * Security handling of sensitive data.
