Do you have an Information Security Risk Assessment?
IF PREVIOUS ANSWER (Do you have an Information Security Risk Assessment?) IS YES: * Does it identify all information assets and systems (including cloud-based, virtualized, and papered)? * Determination of threats, including likelihood and impact * Identification of inherent risk levels * Documentation of controls to reduce threat impact. * Identification and evaluation of residual risk levels. * Remediation program for unacceptable residual risk levels. * Updating the Risk Assessment promptly for new/emerging risks.
Do you have an Information Security Policy/Program in place?
IF PREVIOUS ANSWER (Do you have an Information Security Policy/Program in place?) IS YES, does it contain: * Access controls on customer information systems. * Access restrictions at physical locations containing customer information. * Encryption of electronic customer information (both in transit and in storage on networks or systems). * Dual control procedures and segregation of duties. * Background checks for employees with responsibilities/access with customer information. * Measures for properly disposing of sensitive customer/consumer data containing personally identifiable information. * Specifies an employee to coordinate safeguarding efforts as well as manage the IT Risk Assessment. * Details the monitoring and testing procedures. * Defines a policy that addresses the concepts of threat information sharing with external entities.
Does your Information Security Policy/Program and Information Security Risk Assessment get presented, reviewed, and approved by the board annually?
Do you prepare a report of the overall status of the Information Security Policy/Program that gets presented by the board? * Risk Assessment. * Risk Management and Controls Decisions. * Results of Testing. * Compliance Violations and Management’s Response. * Security Breaches. * Service Provider Arrangements. * Patch Management. * Recommendations for Changes. 
Does your Information Security Policy (OR other policy) state the responsibilities for monitoring and reporting suspicious systems activity has been assigned? 
Is the board participating in Cybersecurity discussions with management regularly? 
Is there a Clean Desk policy that documents the understanding of sensitive information being properly secured?
Are clean desk walkthroughs being performed and documented frequently? 
Are you participating in information-sharing practices, activities, or forums dedicated to the education, notification, and sharing of cyber security incidents?
Does information security risks get discussed in management meetings?
Are there transmission methods for encryption if they contain customer data at rest as well as in transit? * Databases * Mobile devices. * Email. * Back-up media and storage devices. * Transmissions with third parties. * Password databases.
Do you have an Incident Response Plan in place?
Does your IR plan include: Incidents that are identified and categorized by risk levels? 
Does your IR plan include: Alert parameters that prompt mitigation actions. 
Does your IR plan include: Procedure for filing Suspicious Activity Reports (SARs). 
Does your IR plan include: Recovery strategies for critical systems, applications, and data. 
Does your IR plan include: Response and recovery from a cybersecurity event. * Third parties who can provide mitigation strategies. 
Does your IR plan include: Processes and resources to contain incidents and remediate resulting effects. 
Does your IR plan include: Internal escalation procedures (notification to the senior management and Board).
Does your IR plan include: A procedure to bring security breaches to the attention of appropriate management and external entities such as SAR, Information Sharing groups, Law Enforcement, regulatory agencies, etc.
Does your IR plan include: Incident Response procedures/checklists for expedient use in the case of an emergency
Does your IR plan include: Cybersecurity-related incidents (ransomware, antivirus, malware)
Does your IR plan include: Non-Computer security breaches.
Does your IR plan include: Defined responsibilities/duties.
Does your IR plan include: Documented process to classify, log, and track incidents.
Does your IR plan include: Addresses incidents at third-party service providers.
Does your IR plan include: Confirm that annual testing of the plan will be performed.
Does your IR plan include: Addresses the referral to the BC/DR plan if incidents reach disaster response levels.
Has the IR plan been testing the past year?
IF PREVIOUS ANSWER (Has the IR plan been testing the past year?) IS YES: Were the results presented to the Board?
Do you enforce access controls on all systems that force unique user IDs and Passwords for all users?
Are there any shared accounts on any systems?
Do you have an Employee Acceptable use Policy that required them to follow the safeguarding standards and maintains the confidentiality of customer information? 
Does annual security training material get presented to employees (safeguarding physical and electronical information assets)?
IF PREVIOUS ANSWER (Does annual security training material get presented to employees (safeguarding physical and electronical information assets)?) YES: DOES IT CONTAIN: Locking rooms and cabinets that contain customer information
IF PREVIOUS ANSWER (Does annual security training material get presented to employees (safeguarding physical and electronical information assets)?) YES: DOES IT CONTAIN: Selecting strong passwords/avoiding password reuse
IF PREVIOUS ANSWER (Does annual security training material get presented to employees (safeguarding physical and electronical information assets)?) YES: DOES IT CONTAIN: Encryption of customer information when transmitted externally (example: email)
IF PREVIOUS ANSWER (Does annual security training material get presented to employees (safeguarding physical and electronical information assets)?) YES: DOES IT CONTAIN: Recognition of fraudulent attempts to obtain customer information
IF PREVIOUS ANSWER (Does annual security training material get presented to employees (safeguarding physical and electronical information assets)?) YES: DOES IT CONTAIN: Reporting security breaches to management and/or law enforcement
IF PREVIOUS ANSWER (Does annual security training material get presented to employees (safeguarding physical and electronical information assets)?) YES: DOES IT CONTAIN: Social Engineering and phishing attempts
IF PREVIOUS ANSWER (Does annual security training material get presented to employees (safeguarding physical and electronical information assets)?) YES: DOES IT CONTAIN: Cybersecurity threats 
Does the annual security training get signed by all employees once completed? (Proof of completion) 
Do you track all audit and regulatory exceptions to final resolutions?
Do you distribute board packets electronically?
IF PREVIOUS ANSWER (Do you distribute board packets electronically?) IS YES: Does the method you use to distribute the board enforce protection at rest and in transit (Encryption)?
Do you maintain a list of all vendors and perform a risk ranking of those vendors to identify critical or high-risk vendors?
Do you perform critical vendor Service Organization Control (SOC) review? 
IF PREVIOUS ANSWER (Do you perform critical vendor Service Organization Control (SOC) review?) IS YES: * Exceptions noted from Control Objective Testing. * Formal responses to the Complementary user Entity Controls. * Physical, logical, and environmental controls. * Encryption of electronic customer information. * Dual control procedures, segregation of duties, and employee background checks. * Monitoring systems and procedures to detect actual/attempted attacks/intrusions. * Incident response program that specifics the actions to be taken when the vendor suspects/detects that unauthorized individuals have gained access to customer information systems. * Training for vendor employees.
Do you have access to all critical Service Organization Control (SOC) reports?
Do you have a documented procedure to follow when selecting a new vendor/service provider?
Do you have a documented procedure to follow when evaluating contracts with vendors/service providers at initiation and renewal?
Do you have a procedure to conduct and document annual due diligence review for all critical vendors/service providers?
