Is there a Data Center (“Server Room”) Procedure in place?
Does the Data Center (“Server Room”) document the individuals who are authorized to access the data center?
Does Data Center (“Server Room”) policy/procedure state how access to the data center is granted?
Does Data Center (“Server Room”) policy/procedure get reviewed?
Does the review consist of looking at all users who have access to the data center?
Is access removed to the Data Center (“Server Room”) if no longer required?
Is physical access into the Data Center (“Server Room”) only available to the individuals whose primary business functions require them to have access?
Is the Data Center (“Server Room”) secured with an electronic access card system?
IF PREVIOUS ANSWER IS NO: Is the Data Center (“Server Room”) secured with a hard key that is only shared with appropriate activity?
Is the Data Center (“Server Room”) secured with an electronic access card system?
IF PREVIOUS ANSWER IS NO: Is there a video surveillance system in place that monitors the Data Center (“Server Room”)?
If electronic access is implemented for the Data Center (“Server Room”), do access reports get documented of who has accessed the data center?
Does the electronic access report contain: Date/Time?
Does the electronic access report get reviewed on a regular basis?
Is there a visitor logging process that requires unauthorized individuals to sign the log upon entry to the Data Center (“Server Room”)? <--> Please note, this does NOT mean access to the building. This directly focuses on access to the Data Center (“Server Room”).
Have the following environmental controls been installed in the Data Center (“Server Room”)?: Fire detection equipment
Have the following environmental controls been installed in the Data Center (“Server Room”)?: Fire suppression equipment
Have the following environmental controls been installed in the Data Center (“Server Room”)?: Uninterruptible power supply (UPS)
Have the following environmental controls been installed in the Data Center (“Server Room”)?: Emergency generators
Have the following environmental controls been installed in the Data Center (“Server Room”)?: Temperature monitoring device
Have the following environmental controls been installed in the Data Center (“Server Room”)?: Humidity monitoring device
Have the following environmental controls been installed in the Data Center (“Server Room”)?: Air coding device
Have the following environmental controls been installed in the Data Center (“Server Room”)?: Emergency lighting (This directly focuses on objects such as a flashlight for example.)
Are there documented procedures that focus on maintaining, testing, and frequency to verify that the environmental controls listed above function without issue?
You have not seen any flammable liquid in or near the Data Center (“Server Room”). (YES=TRUE, NO=FALSE)
You have not seen any visible signs of water damage to the ceiling or floor in the Data Center (“Server Room”). (YES=TRUE, NO=FALSE)

